[DX-858] Add the Get started guide for the EDP. (#3673)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal/getting-started/customize-sign-up-form.md

To customize the sign-up form, you need to add new data attributes to the User model so that when a user profile is being created, those attributes will be recorded against the user profile.
To start customizing the user sign-up form, navigate to the **Custom attributes** menu and the select the **User** model. Currently, it is possible to extend only the User model, in future releases we will add the same capabilities to other models.
{{< img src="img/dashboard/portal-management/enterprise-portal/navigate-to-user-attributes.png" alt="Navigate to the User's attributes" >}}

## Add a new attribute to the User model
To add a new attribute to the User model, click on the **Add Custom attribute** button and then fill in properties of the new attribute:
- **Attribute ID**: a string that consists of letters (a-zA-Z), numbers (0-9), dashes, and underscores and is used to refer to this attribute in [the Admin APIs]({{< ref "/product-stack/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal/api-documentation/tyk-edp-api" >}}).
- **Attribute Label**: the attribute's name that is displayed in the UI.
- **Description**: a rich text that is used to describe this attribute. It is also displayed in the UI.

> - **Type of attribute**: type of data that can be stored in this attribute. You cannot change value of this field once the attribute is created. The following data types are acceptable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Type of attribute**: The type of data that can be stored in this attribute. You cannot change the value of this field once the attribute is created. The following data types are acceptable:
```

  - Boolean (true or false).

>   - Dropdown (a list of value).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Dropdown (a list of values).
```

  - String.
  - Number.
- **Validation Reg Exp**: a regular expression that is used to validate the value of this field. It is available for the **String** data type only.

> - **Enable validation**: defines if the portal should apply the regular expression defined in the **Validation Reg Exp** to validate value of this attribute when creating or updating a user profile. It is available for the **String** data type only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enable validation**: Determines if the portal should apply the regular expression defined in the **Validation Reg Exp** to validate the value of this attribute when creating or updating a user profile. It is available for the **String** data type only.
```

- **Dropdown Values**: a list of values for the attribute. It is available for the **Dropdown** data type only.

> - Fields that define the attribute's behavior:

Reviewer: Capitalise the first sentence of each bullet point below

  - Write once read many: defines if the value of the attribute can be changed after a user profile is created.
  - Add to the key metadata: defines if the value of the attribute should be added to the metadata of Auth keys or OAuth2.0 clients when a user creates them.
  - Required: defines if this attribute is required to create a user profile.
  - Show on sign-up form: defines if this attribute should be visible in the sing-up form.
- **Behavior**: defines if developers can view or edit this attribute. Possible values are:
  - Developers can view and edit the attribute.
  - Developers can only view the attribute.
  - Developers cannot see the attribute.

For purpose of this guide, make sure to tick the **Required** and **Show on sign-up form** checkboxes and select the **Developers can only view the attribute** behavior.
{{< img src="img/dashboard/portal-management/enterprise-portal/add-new-attribute-to-user-model.png" alt="Add a new attribute to the User model" >}}

> Once you have created a new custom attribute and saved changes to the User model by clicking on th **Save** button, the new attribute is added to the user sign-up form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new attribute will be added to the user sign-up form, once you have created a new custom attribute and saved changes to the user model by clicking on the **Save** button.
```

{{< img src="img/dashboard/portal-management/enterprise-portal/custom-attribute-in-the-sign-up-form.png" alt="Customized user sign-up form" >}}

{{< note success >}}
**Congratulations**

> You have now added a custom attribute to the User model and made it appear in the user sign-up form. By following the above steps you can add more attributes of different types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have now added a custom attribute to the user model and made it appear in the user sign-up form. By following the above steps you can add more attributes of different types.
```

{{< /note >}}

## Next step

> Go to [Setup email notifications]({{< ref "/product-stack/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal/getting-started/setup-email-notifications" >}}) to setup email notifications guide which completes this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [Setup email notifications]({{< ref "/product-stack/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal/getting-started/setup-email-notifications" >}}) to learn how to setup email notifications guide, which completes this tutorial.
```
